Wake up, the handsome person has already woken up
Why are you still working as a security guard when you are so sleepy?
Hey, I don't want to go to work.
Oh, by the way, I'm so rich
Why do you still want to be a security guard?
Is there a new task?
Hey, Dad, Xue Tao, don't recognize your father
Wang Kaisi, where is my father?
Didn't I go crazy yesterday?
Your dad licks my shoes
Hey, isn't this Lao Xu's son?
Xiao Xu didn't go to work today, why didn't he wear a security suit?
What about my dad?
Your father is here, the king said he can't come in
Yes, I'm not broken, I'm still afraid of hair
Hey.
Don't make me use fists of steel
Hit you
Wang Kai Si get out
Xiao Xu, your father is not in Mr. Wang's office today
Xiaoyue, don't look at him
I called you up to ask you
Coming back from abroad should be very open
I am abroad to learn knowledge
Didn't learn anything else
I really value you when I learn from you and parachute here
Mr. Wang, I'm still busy with work.